Clarify Synthetic Monitoring Readme (#368)
grafana/jsonnet-libs: synthetic-monitoring/README.md

# Synthetic Monitoring Jsonnet Library

> This library simplifies the interaction with the Grafana Synthetic Monitoring API
> by making the configuration of a check significantly more concise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library facilitates the configuration of checks for Grafana Synthetic
Monitoring with the intend to simplify the interaction with the Synthetic
Monitoring API through [Grizzly](https://github.com/grafana/grizzly).
```

Grafana Labs' Synthetic Monitoring is a blackbox monitoring solution provided
as a part of Grafana Cloud. It provides users with insights into how their
applications and services are behaving from an external point of view.

> It can be configured via an HTTP API. This library generates objects that can
> be used when interacting with the API, e.g. with a tool like [Grizzly](https://github.com/grafana/grizzly).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Repeats the first block, not needed imo.
